you shall make an altar of acacia wood
you shall make an altar of acacia wood five cubits long and five cubits wide
five cubits long and five cubits wide
five cubits long and five cubits wide the altar shall be square and its height
the altar shall be square and its height
the altar shall be square and its height shall be three cubits you shall make its
shall be three cubits you shall make its
shall be three cubits you shall make its horns on its four corners its horns
horns on its four corners its horns
horns on its four corners its horns shall be of one piece with it and you
shall be of one piece with it and you
shall be of one piece with it and you shall overlay it with bronze also you
shall overlay it with bronze also you
shall overlay it with bronze also you shall make its pans to receive its ashes
shall make its pans to receive its ashes
shall make its pans to receive its ashes and it shovels and its basins and its
and it shovels and its basins and its
and it shovels and its basins and its forks and its fire pans you shall make
forks and its fire pans you shall make
forks and its fire pans you shall make all its utensils of problems you shall
all its utensils of problems you shall
all its utensils of problems you shall make a great for it a network of bronze
make a great for it a network of bronze
make a great for it a network of bronze and on the network you shall make four
and on the network you shall make four
and on the network you shall make four bronze rings at its four corners you
bronze rings at its four corners you
bronze rings at its four corners you shall put it under the rim of the altar
shall put it under the rim of the altar
shall put it under the rim of the altar beneath that the network may be midway
beneath that the network may be midway
beneath that the network may be midway up the altar and you shall make polls
up the altar and you shall make polls
up the altar and you shall make polls for the altar poles of acacia wood and
for the altar poles of acacia wood and
for the altar poles of acacia wood and overlay them with problems the poles
overlay them with problems the poles
overlay them with problems the poles shall be put in the Rings and the poles
shall be put in the Rings and the poles
shall be put in the Rings and the poles shall be on the two sides of the altar
shall be on the two sides of the altar
shall be on the two sides of the altar to bear it you shall make it hollow with
to bear it you shall make it hollow with
to bear it you shall make it hollow with boards as it was shown you on the
boards as it was shown you on the
boards as it was shown you on the mountain so shall they make it you shall
mountain so shall they make it you shall
mountain so shall they make it you shall also make the court of the tabernacle
also make the court of the tabernacle
also make the court of the tabernacle for the south side there shall be
for the south side there shall be
for the south side there shall be hangings for the court made a fine woven
hangings for the court made a fine woven
hangings for the court made a fine woven linen one hundred cubits long for one
linen one hundred cubits long for one
linen one hundred cubits long for one side and it's twenty pillars and there
side and it's twenty pillars and there
side and it's twenty pillars and there twenty sockets shall be bronze the hooks
twenty sockets shall be bronze the hooks
twenty sockets shall be bronze the hooks of the pillars and their balance shall
of the pillars and their balance shall
of the pillars and their balance shall be silver likewise along the length of
be silver likewise along the length of
be silver likewise along the length of the north side there shall be hangings
the north side there shall be hangings
the north side there shall be hangings one hundred cubits long with its twenty
one hundred cubits long with its twenty
one hundred cubits long with its twenty pillars and there twenty sockets of
pillars and there twenty sockets of
pillars and there twenty sockets of bronze and the hooks of the pillars and
bronze and the hooks of the pillars and
bronze and the hooks of the pillars and there bands of silver and along the
there bands of silver and along the
there bands of silver and along the width of the court on the west side
width of the court on the west side
width of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits with
shall be hangings of fifty cubits with
shall be hangings of fifty cubits with their ten pillars and there ten sockets
their ten pillars and there ten sockets
their ten pillars and there ten sockets the width of the court on the east side
the width of the court on the east side
the width of the court on the east side shall be fifty cubits the hangings on
shall be fifty cubits the hangings on
shall be fifty cubits the hangings on one side of the gate shall be 15 cubits
one side of the gate shall be 15 cubits
one side of the gate shall be 15 cubits with their three pillars and their three
with their three pillars and their three
with their three pillars and their three sockets and on the other side shall be
sockets and on the other side shall be
sockets and on the other side shall be hangings of fifteen cubits with their
hangings of fifteen cubits with their
hangings of fifteen cubits with their three pillars and their three sockets
three pillars and their three sockets
three pillars and their three sockets for the gate of the court there shall be
for the gate of the court there shall be
for the gate of the court there shall be a screen twenty cubits long woven of
a screen twenty cubits long woven of
a screen twenty cubits long woven of blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen made by a weaver it shall
woven linen made by a weaver it shall
woven linen made by a weaver it shall have four pillars and four sockets all
have four pillars and four sockets all
have four pillars and four sockets all the pillars around the court shall have
the pillars around the court shall have
the pillars around the court shall have bands of silver their hooks shall be of
bands of silver their hooks shall be of
bands of silver their hooks shall be of silver and their sockets of bronze the
silver and their sockets of bronze the
silver and their sockets of bronze the length of the court shall be 100 cubits
length of the court shall be 100 cubits
length of the court shall be 100 cubits the width 50 throughout and the height
the width 50 throughout and the height
the width 50 throughout and the height five cubits made of fine woven linen and
five cubits made of fine woven linen and
five cubits made of fine woven linen and its sockets of bronze all the utensils
its sockets of bronze all the utensils
its sockets of bronze all the utensils of the tabernacle for all its service
of the tabernacle for all its service
of the tabernacle for all its service all its pegs and all the pegs of the
all its pegs and all the pegs of the
all its pegs and all the pegs of the court shall be of bronze and you shall
court shall be of bronze and you shall
court shall be of bronze and you shall command the children of Israel that they
command the children of Israel that they
command the children of Israel that they bring you pure oil of pressed olives for
bring you pure oil of pressed olives for
bring you pure oil of pressed olives for the light to cause the lamp to burn
the light to cause the lamp to burn
the light to cause the lamp to burn continually in the tabernacle of meeting
continually in the tabernacle of meeting
continually in the tabernacle of meeting outside the veil which is before the
outside the veil which is before the
outside the veil which is before the testimony Aaron and his sons shall tend
testimony Aaron and his sons shall tend
testimony Aaron and his sons shall tend it from evening and to morning before
it from evening and to morning before
it from evening and to morning before the Lord it shall be a statute forever
the Lord it shall be a statute forever
the Lord it shall be a statute forever to their generations on behalf of the
to their generations on behalf of the
to their generations on behalf of the children of Israel